Remove keepalived from remote worker (#9)
RHsyseng/telco-operations: ztp/remote-worker-day0/ztp-ai/README.md

### **Prereqs and Patches**

> Before deploying the cluster we need to deploy an Assisted Service instance in our Hub cluster, in order to get it deploy we need to create a `AgentServiceConfig` object. You can use the one below (if you do, change the required parameters to match your environment):

Reviewer: to deploy -> to spawn to avoid repeating the word deploying (boomer TOC)
in order to get id deployed

#### **Workarounds**

Since we have a remote worker, we need to take care of the Ingress Operator and make sure that the routers do not fall under that remote worker, in order to do that we add extra manifests where we configure the Ingress Operator so routers run on master nodes. Another component that we don't want to run on the remote worker is `KeepAliveD`, so we remove the static pod definition using an ignition override at the BMH level and a `MachineConfig` and `MachineConfigPool`. You can see extra manifests [here](./assets/ztp-cluster/06_extra_manifests.yaml)

> After cluster is deploy, the routers could be moved to a list of worker matching some labels.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After the cluster is deployed, the routers could be moved to a list of workers matching some labels.
```

#### **Issues we found**

> This section describes issues that we have found during the cluster deployments. Since this is not supported some of these issues are expected.

Reviewer: a comma is needed to please minwii
